DOC-2085 fix(dataloading): improve doc for Load from External Kafka (3.9?-4.1) (#491)
tigergraph/server-docs: modules/data-loading/partials/load-part1-intro-and-schema.adoc

> After you have xref:gsql-ref:ddl-and-loading:defining-a-graph-schema.adoc[defined a graph schema] you can create a loading job, specify your data sources, and run the job to load data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you have xref:{page-component-version}@gsql-ref:ddl-and-loading:defining-a-graph-schema.adoc[defined a graph schema], you can create a loading job, specify your data sources, and run the job to load data.
```

> The steps for loading from local files, cloud storage, or any other supported sources are similar. We will distinguish where steps are common for all loading jobs, or are specific to a particular data source or loading mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The steps for loading from local files, cloud storage, or any other supported sources are similar.
We will call out whether a particular step is common for all loading or specific to a data source or loading mode.
```
Rejecting the changes to the second sentence. "Call out" is more semantically appropriate than "distinguish". We are calling attention.  Also, it is better asciidoc style for each sentence to be on a separate line, to simplify revisions.

> == Example Schema

Reviewer 2: line 1

remove comma after 'defined a graph schema'

Reviewer 2: line 3 replace with:

The steps for loading from local files, cloud storage, or any other supported sources are similar. We will distinguish where steps are common for all loading jobs or are specific to a particular data source or loading mode.

> This example uses part of the LDBC_SNB schema:

Reviewer 2: Remove line 7, we have restated multiple times that this is an example schema, and twice that it is from LDBC_SNB
